Thoraxian Events


Countrywide Raids Fail

    The raids against the Thoraxians have been an utter failure! It seems the harmonists have infiltrated our government and managed to get forewarning. Every place we raided was either empty or we faced strong resistance. Queen Chrysalis is already demanding someone’s head. 
    The even more unfortunate part is that it appears our raids have only galvanized local populations against us. We are receiving reports of increased hostility in our vassal states and Thoraxian propaganda has been rising.

“Damn those Thoraxians”

Flower Through Snow Gear

    Gold Muffin smiled as he sipped his brandy. He 


Friends from high and far.
Thorax was looking at the map of Changeling lands. He was in the process of planning his next attack when he was interrupted by a Changeling in a green beret saluting him. "Commander!" the soldier stated in the Changeling tongue. Thorax nodded and the soldier continued speaking.
“What is it?” 
Soldier catches his breath. "There are Ponies behind the tent and their leaders have requested your audience immediately!" He saluted before walking out of the tent. Thorax frowned lightly as he adjusted his beret and walked out. What reason did ponies have to come here?
The force was led by two familiar ponies and a dragon, each wearing uniforms similar to those he had seen in Stalliongrad alongside Crystal Pony engineers and volunteers. As soon as the ponies saw the changelings, they reached out to greet them. Those who led these expeditionary forces were the most surprising among all. From behind two unicorns, one light purple talking to the dragon and the other blue, wearing a stereotypical mage’s hat with a uniform that more resembles a suit rather than a khaki jacket. And in the middle is a small purple dragon wearing a cape with a snowflake emblem. As they recognize these ponies, Starlight and Trixie, Thorax smiles at them. When he was saved by them.
“Starlight! Trixie and Spike!” he called, hugging the three, they were surprised but quickly recovered and hugged him back.
“Hehehe well hello there! Commander Thorax” starlight grins as she hugs back. “How's your battle between good and evil?” she asked. “Meh… We're kinda hanging there..” Thorax answers though he frowns at Starlight calling his enemies evil.
“Well don't worry bud! We're here to help!” Spike exclaimed as Thorax stopped hugging them. “These Crystal ponies here are the Royal Frozen Butterfly Engineering Corp, these guys are expert Engineers! Right boys?!” Spike explained and called to the crystal ponies, who responded with mixtures of cheers and shouts of confirmation. 
Thorax grinned “We can always use Engineers.” The Engineers cheered again. Thorax turned to Spike, “How did you get these guys, I got a response from Cadence stating that she can’t spare any resources?” 
Spike nodded “Being the Hero of the Crystal Empire comes with some perks. These guys are all reserve engineers we figured they can help your rebellion.” Thorax was about to enquire on the Stalliongradians when Trixie stepped in between him and Spike. 
“And I Great and Powerful Trixie shall use my knowledge and magic that is unparalleled on the continent, nay the world, with my wonderful assistant Starlight Glimmer!” Trixie boasts, which starlight just rolled her eyes. “We are here to assist you in the battle against big bad evil changelings!”
Thorax grinned at her boasting but then frowned at her last words. He gestured to the group to follow him into his tent, once inside he spoke to them, “Please stop calling the Chrysalians all evil… Chrysalis may be an arrogant tyrant but most changelings are not evil.” Starlight and her group all nodded at his words.
“Regardless it is wonderful to have you three here, it is nice to see Celestia still can send help!” 
“Well technically we are not allowed to come here to help you” , Starlight stated.
Thorax tilts his head. “why??” he asked.
Starlight Sighs, “ is something about not being allowed to volunteer or something because of something about someone’s problems.”
Thorax looks confused “What does that mean?”
Spike replied. “Celestia senses that the politics of Equestria is in a difficult place right now, and sending ponies and money to a race that recently attacked Equestria does not look good for her.” Thorax nodded.
“Alright well, I am glad you guys came… So you got help from Stalliongrad?” Starlight chuckled as both Spike and Trixie looked amused. 
“Those ponies are former members of the Severyanan White Army, most of the white army left for Zebrica but some, many of whom joined our volunteer legion, stayed in Equestria.” Spike explained. A Severyanan came into the tent and nodded to the group.
“I apologize for overhearing… We are here to help you to save you from the tyranny of the Chrysalis hooves! We may have not saved our beloved motherland from the vile reds but we would not let other brave creatures be crushed by tyranny!” he said. Starlight nodded before asking him something in a foreign language. The Severyanan replied before going out of the tent. The rest of the group looked at her curiously.
“What? I know severyanan... so what?” The others shrugged. 
“Well Anyways. Thank you for joining me in this struggle… I appreciate it!” Thorax smiled.
“No problem!” Spike said, swishing his envoy’s cape. “ Now let's see our situation, Commander Thorax,” Starlight grinned confidently. 
Thorax nodded and gestured towards the map upon the table.

We have friends in high places = Crystal Empire Volunteer Corps

Prelude to Predicament

"What do you mean you killed Agrynnis's favorite aide" -C

"Well it seemed obvious that she was a Thora-" -V

"And the people found out because?" -C

"Forgive me, My-" -V

"GET OUT" -C

"Gather the army... and the air force... get me everything" -C

"Everything? My Que-" -Trimmel

"EVERYTHING!" -C

#Moves all army and planes to vesali

Peer Pressured

A Door to Chrysalis’s throne room bursts open, as 4 queens form their great hives marching in unison looking angry in their eyes.

Chrysalis was unsurprised at their entrance, though was a bit surprised at the sheer anger, She composed herself to be more regal than her peers, but it didn’t matter as one of the Queens, Helvia scolded her.

“Chrysalis you vile witch! How dare your VOPS violate my own bugs!?” She Scolded Chrysalis with disgust. The Warrior Queen, Argynnis chimed in.

“And how dare you attempt to violate my rights of Queen leadership?! Your little spy maggots have infiltrated my throne room uninvited!” Argynnis scolds with burning hatred.

Seeing the two queens scolding at her, the other two stayed silent, reluctant to speak up. She saw it as an advantage to this confrontation, but it was interrupted by Argynnis, who she’s still ranting at. “Hey are you listening, you old hag?!” she insults her. Finally had enough she stood up and use her magic to create a little shockwave to shut their mouths.

‘E N O U G H!!” she shouted, her voice booming across her hive. She sat down at her throne again, fixing her crown so it doesn’t fall off, she clears her throat and speaks. “So… what is what you want, you ungrateful nymphs?” she asked the queens with a slight insult to their titles.

Helvia came first and told her about their d-emands. “We demanded to give us more autonomy or we leave your so-called Hegemony!”

“And don’t play dumb with us Witch because we can crush you easily!” Arygnnis added.

Hearing their demands, she needs to keep her power long enough and unite her Queendom, but at her current state, she has to give way just to keep her power.

“Fine! I shall give you all autonomy! But I'll give in one condition!” Chrysalis exclaimed, lifting her hoof, looking more benevolent. “That you still join my Hegemony to bring revenge to the ponies!”

“Bah! You’re going to do more than that Queen i’m leaving” Argynnis left and Helvia left soon after. The only two queens left are Yaria, the Studious Queen and Aurantia, the Old Queen, who they simply nod at and leave…

Leaving Chrysalis in her Throne room alone, contemplating how she is going to fix this mess…

“Welp we better start doing our charm offensive!” = balkanise the buggoland.



